Yes
Qingluo
I am your elder
Something like four years ago
I hope it doesn't happen again.
What about my love letter to you?
Just throw it away.
Is there a tissue in the car? It's on the armrest.
This is YS 'ring.
It means to love only one person in life
Who is he going to propose to?
Fasten your seat belt.
Stop drinking
I just found something wrong with you when I was in the old house
So what's going on?
I saw the ring box in Gu Sijun's car
Hungry
You know
I know Xiaoshu has always had a favorite person
But I don't know who it is.
And I don't want to make you sad either.
Then why didn't you tell me?
Sorry.
Can't let you
Let those stinky men die
Don't get drunk tonight